This script will execute a menu of options for a user. The user can choose to make any of the below calculations. Each of the calculations will be written in a function so the calculations can be repeated within the script. Sample output is at the bottom. 

    + Celsius to Fahrenheit: Define the method cToF, which consumes a temperature (as a double) measured in Celsius and returns the Fahrenheit equivalent (as a double). Fahrenheit degrees = (1.8 × Celsius degrees) + 32.

    + Cricket Temperature: The common field cricket chirps in direct proportion to the current temperature. Adding 40 to the number of times a cricket chirps in a minute, then multiplying the sum by 0.25, gives us the temperature in Fahrenheit. Define the method currentTemp, which consumes the number of cricket chirps heard in 15 seconds (as a double) and returns the current temperature (also as a double).

    + Length In Inches: Define the method lengthInInches. It consumes a number of feet and a number of inches (both as ints) and returns the total number of inches (as an int).

    + Triangle Area: Define the method triangleArea. It consumes the length of a triangle's base and its height (in that order, both as doubles), and returns the area of the triangle (as a double). 

    + The Coin Adder: A local store needs a function that can compute the value of a bag of coins. Define the method sumCoins. It consumes four integers: the number of quarters, dimes, nickels, and pennies in the bag (in that exact order). It returns the total amount of money in the bag as an integer number of cents. 

    + Cylinder Volume: The volume of a cylinder is the area of the base times the height. Define the method cylinderVolume, which consumes the radius of the base and the height (in that order), and returns the volume (all as doubles). Consider using the circleArea method as a helper method.


Welcome to the Utility Script. Select a number for the calculation you want:

1) Celsius to Fahrenheit
2) Cricket Temperature
3) Length in Inches
4)Triangle Area
5) Coin Counter
6) Cylinder Volume

2
Enter the number of chirps heard in 15 seconds: 20
The temperature is 30 degrees F